---
date: 2026-04-06
draft: false
private: false
tags:
  - writing
  - projects
title: "banging bits"
---

# Bangin' Bits

Everyday there's a new 'thing' about Clade, OpenClaw, ACP, MCP, LLM, GPT, insert flavor of the day in AI coding. I've tried. I've built my own GPU LLMs, I've used 3rd party tooling,prompt crafting, I've built my own tooling, I've paid for premium.... I put in the effort to integrate it into my daily life.  Going to put a pin in my personal feelings about this and focus on a peculair side effect.

## It Just Makes code!

It does! In fact, too much damned code and extra crap.  Adjusting prompts does fix this to some effect but most of the time I'm doing a one off and 'it' tries to create a full blown app.  I was spending more time generating than using, waiting, trying , responding, repeat. the results were good but not worth the time

## Adjustments

Changing course, I did find a flow that works, me being the architect and primary developer and then using <insert model> as my 'pair programmer'. Leaving behind much of the 'automagic' and instead creating my POC and then using 'my buddy' to talk through processes and create very small, tightly scoped, tasks. 

I tried writing detailed plan documents with todo's and at some point the context would always get destroyed and I found that creating many small sessions and rebuilding the context is worth the payoff of the initial context load. This solved some of the issues with code hallucinations. 

## Giving Up

I got to a point where I was creating agents to create utlitilies while I raced the 'the algorithm'. I ended up with my usual brute forced one offs usually before it created some fully hashed out solution with test cases and all the fun stuff. ( not saying anything about my skill , just that I can brute force some 'ish when I have to)

## Back to bangin'

The off side effect of all of this, is that I ended up writing more overall code, I thought more about what I wanted;  I was able to reconnect myself to my code by just doing it and stop expecting something to do it for me. Trying to 'make life easier' made it everything overly complicated from the first few steps. 

### Breaking the Rules

I spend more time using Kagi's fast GPT or CoPilot for asking questions before searching. I've pulled out my paper books again and when I can't find them, I'm using the PDF and search. I'm more effcient, or back to my old level(?) but I'm also having fun again and the whole process has burnt me but has also rekindled my love for creation. 

#### Notes
- Core language tools are overly overlooked.  Standard libraries are our friends.
